and good this
and they're going to be teaching them the
new corners of the world-2014 the
next is going to be tiered after social
later to be sad after
so let's go
Hello
yes
and well the skin that right now we will try
is to enlist the money that does not
I find the money I hope here
I understand why the name but right now
we're going to see it so we're going for it
and good the moment of different and good
let's see how he dances to see if they change
something
it does not change anything we're going to be the other
neither
and well let's see how I quoted her there
everything we will go up first the
blue skill and I think that in these
15 or change anything so let's go there
well this is who is very comfortable
let's see how it registers but just like
all the normal women but not the same
has nothing new
to form a little not to teach you the
skills when it's 6 re-record
and teach everything so we go there
let's see the w do not charge now tell
have getting to see
same
I go to the animations to take off the
tower they do not have
and then we go because I'm 6 already and
I'm going to teach a little the skills of
r that I think it does change that is the only
change but well let's buy more
nothing else
buy a lot of week
a bad
good my life
and we're going directly to
to me
to fight against the dragon like this
for the good ball we're going to
to network
well this skinny does not change anything else
it's like that a typical one with the w either
how good are we going to try to kill him
although it is the other way around that if it is very very
fast good to do to be addicted
fox killed him to show witch
well we're going from here to dragon to
finish watching the animations
that we have the r to continue with the
next see is not the same
Now before I'll put the r
so they can see how this animal
it has nothing special
I'm the same only change the look
so these are
I do not want it to be bought, let's see
the death animation to see if it changes
it's not the same, I tell them, no, no, no,
I recommend that you buy them because nothing
more change the suit and no longer change
the animations as the normal choice
to the one of lucía new your seat does not leave
in a factor when recalls to the h
without moving
well now we go with the gravel
right now we are